I thought I would give you guys a peek
into bully adair's day this is it this
is pretty much what this cat's gonna do
Gibson's going to try to get involved
possibly we're going to nap but as you
can see beau is not bothered by the
paparazzi or don't he's got giant paws
and this Tiger Bonnie that he's of
course right by the wood stove so he's
in the warmest spot in the house right
now he's been on a little kitten what do
you think though
what do you think Gibson are you
interested in the cat at all no he puts
up the lot this guy are you going to
bite me just now yeah that's fun
is it a perv
good kid
this is what these two do Gibson grabs
ahold of them and the cap what's up with
it until we bite skips in the face
but was like what a way to ruin a great
nap dogs and people don't see them they
kept my kilt